Exponent Content Management System
Copyright (c) 2004 James Hunt and the OIC Group
===============================================

For installation information, please read the INSTALLATION file.

For LICENSING information, please read the LICENSE file.

For questions, support, or further information, please visit
http://www.exponentcms.org/=======

      Exponent Content Management System

Copyright (c) 2004 James Hunt and the OIC Group
===============================================

Exponent is an exciting new web-based content management system. It makes
creating and maintaining websites easy for non-technical users, while
providing site managers the power and flexibility to add new features,
completely customize the layout, and delegate responsibilities to other
users.

---------------
Getting Started

First, you'll need to install and configure Exponent. See the INSTALLATION
file for a detailed description of how to do this.

Once your site is up and running, you can play around with the default
content, or head over to the Exponent website at
http://www.exponentcms.org/

------------
Contributing

Exponent is Open Source, licensed under the GPL.  To read about the
specifics of the GPL, please see the LICENSE file.

You are free to use and redistribute it, and make changes / fix bugs. The
Exponent development team encourages you to get involved. We are currently
looking for contributions in the following area:

    * Documentation - We are slowly working on our software guide, but any
help is greatly appreciated. Anyone interested in helping out should visit
the Documentation Wiki: http://beta.exponentcms.org/docwiki/
    
    * Testing - As with every software application, there are bound to be
bugs. We think the system is stable enough to use, but we are always
looking for more testers; people to use and abuse the CMS and expose bugs.
The more bugs we find and fix, the better off the package is.

-------------------
Support / Questions
For questions, support, or further information, please visit
http://www.exponentcms.org/>>>>>>> 1.3
